
TITLE: Object Oriented Programming (OOP)
DESCRIPTION: It’s a programming language model organized around objects rather than actions, data, and logic. A program has been viewed as a logical procedure that takes input data, processes it, and produces output.This means there is a construct in Python called a class that lets you structure your software in a particular and cleaner way./END

TITLE: Object-oriented Valuable Tool for large Programming Project 
DESCRIPTION: OOP is useful in design patterns. These patterns are basically the blueprints of quality object design.Object-oriented programming takes the view that what we really care about and uses objects to manipulate our code rather than the logic. Using inheritance, this property of OOP, forces a more thorough data analysis which reduces development time and accurate coding./END

TITLE: Steps To Using Object Oriented Programming
DESCRIPTION: Identify all the objects the programmer wants to manipulate, find how they relate to each other which is usually done in Pseudo coding layout. Once an object has been identified,  it is generalized as a class of objects which defines the kind of data it contains and logic sequences or method can manipulate it./END


TITLE: Class
DESCRIPTION: Class is a blueprint that can have both data(def __init__) and method (def show_trailer). A class is a way to take a grouping of functions and data and place them inside a container so that you can access them with the . (dot) operator./END

TITLE: Object
DESCRIPTION: Objects are like importers. Objects have individual and multiple scopes names that can be bound to the same object. This is usually not appreciated when dealing with numbers and strings but Python code involving changing objects, such as lists and dictionaries, can be helpful to behave like pointers./END

TITLE: Instance Object
DESCRIPTION: Instance is a fancy way to say "create". When you instantiate a class what you get is called an object. With that you can create multiple instance of a class to be used through out your code. All attributes of a class that are function objects define corresponding methods of its instances./END

TITLE: Constructor
DESCRIPTION: It initialize all of the data associated with the instance. Constructor is always written as a function called __init__(). It must always take as its first argument a reference to the instance being constructed. This is typically called self. The rest of the arguments are up to the programmer./END

TITLE: Instance Variable
DESCRIPTION: All variables associated to certain instance are instance variables unique to an object and can be accessed inside class and through instance name outside the class./END

TITLE: Instance Method
DESCRIPTION: Instance methods use an instance of a class. They operate on an object and has access to its instance variables. The function outside the class that are associated to instance that have 1 argument self are instance method./END

TITLE: Module
DESCRIPTION: A module is a file containing Python definitions and statements. The file name is the module name with the suffix .py appended. Within a module, the module’s name (as a string) is available as the value of the global variable __name__./END

TITLE: Library
DESCRIPTION: Python’s standard library is very extensive, offering a wide range of facilities.The library contains built-in modules (written in C) that provide access to system functionality such as file I/O that would otherwise be inaccessible to Python programmers, as well as modules written in Python that provide standardized solutions for many problems that occur in everyday programming./END

TITLE: Inheritance
DESCRIPTION: Class inheritance mechanism is when a Main class allows other multiple classes to either use method or override any methods of its main class./END

TITLE: Method Overriding
DESCRIPTION: Overriding is feature that uses inheritance through method overriding a class may "copy" another class, avoiding duplicated code, and at the same time enhance or customize part of it./END

TITLE: Class Variables
DESCRIPTION: Class variables can be referenced directly from the class, and this can be used as one way to make an constant, or they can be referenced from any instance in the class./END

TITLE: Connections Made to Abstract Thinking
DESCRIPTION: In my Python HTML generator program I was able to apply Object Oriented Programing to refactor my code to be more condense and concise. I first organized my code using OOP to define a class called Concept that created objects that represented the Concept. The instance of the class was called to create title and description variable that was used in function called “generate_html” to generate my HTML.I was able to use Real Expression to extract a particular text in list from the TiTLE and DESCRIPTION text file and convert this list to generate a string of information. I separated the title and description text, set it to a variable, and feed it into “generate_html” definition that generated my html output. I used a while loop to cycle through this process till I generated all my html output code. Using OOP was able to shorten amount of code  to produce a HTML code which removed relaying on large code string and numbers information./END